VOICE ASSISTANT THAT HELPS VISUALLY IMPAIRED PEOPLE 
DURING THIS POTENTIAL PANDEMIC SITUATION.


People who are visually impaired will be facing a lot of problems. They should have someone always beside them to keep them updated about "What's happening".
So to help such people, My idea is to make a voice assistant which gives them some basic, Important information about the CoronaVirus Pandemic Situation.


What information can be given by this CoronaVirus Voice Assistant?
1. Precautions and Safety measures to prevent this dangerous virus.
2. Symptoms and Treatment of CoronaVirus.
3. Facts and Myths about CoronaVirus.
4. Total Cases, Total Deaths and Total no. of patients recovered world wide.
5. Total Cases, Total Deaths and Total no. of patients recovered, Country wise.
6. Top countries in the world which are highly infected due to CoronaVirus.
7. Top countries in the world which are very safe and are not infected or very low spread in these countries.
8. Coronavirus helpline number if you have any symptoms of it.


This is like a prototype, we can implement this voice assistant to give information state wise and even district wise.

Install all the following libraries at a time using "pip install -r Requirement.txt" commmand.

Libraries used:
1. SpeechRecognition(3.8.1) -> To recognize input speech and convert it to text.
2. gtts(2.1.1) -> To convert text to speech.
3. pandas(1.0.3) -> To manipulate or use dataframes.
4. re(in-built) -> To understand patterns from text.
5. requests(2.23.0) -> To fetch information from “www.worldmeters.info/coronavirus/” website.
6. bs4(4.9.1) -> To extract data from a fetched website.
7. playsound(1.2.2) -> To play sound.
8. os(in-built) -> To delete the files after playing.


How does it work?
* Using some of the libraries mentioned above, I built a web scraping script, which scrapes covid19 cases related information from the “www.worldmeters.info/coronavirus/“ website.
* web scraper script has a function which when called creates or updates the dataset saved before.
* And then i imported this script and some more libraries in voiceAssistant script, which calls the function automatically when it is executed.
* After gathering all the information and cases dataset, i used SpeechRecognition library to input my speech and gtts library to convert text to speech.

Setting up the project:
step 1: After downloading this project, open it using any python IDE (spyder or VS code).
step 2: Run the "Covid19Assistant.py" file, make sure you are connected to internet.
step 3: Ask any of the following questions.

Any queries? Here are my social media handles :)
Instagram : @theyuvaraaj
Email : yuvarajpeddi9@gmail.com
WhatsApp : 6303535706
Twitter : @theyuvaraaj